\[Title: Sixteen Weeks and Still\]

\[Verse 1 - strong female vocals, warm and intimate delivery\]

In the quiet where the heartbeats fade

I held you close though the light betrayed

Blood like a river I couldn't restrain

Your tiny form in my trembling frame

No gentle hands, no voice to guide

Just me and the walls and the tears I hide

\[Chorus - strong, clear female vocals, emotional emphasis on \"still
carried\"\]

Still carried, still here

In my hands, in my heart

Still carried, still here

Where you end, I start

\[Verse 2 - strong female vocals with breaking voice on \"sixteen
weeks\", sustained hum to convey disbelief\]

Milk kept flowing with no lips to meet

An empty cradle, my soul's defeat

Sixteen weeks --- \[sustain \"mmm\" for 4 beats, soft falsetto,
trembling tone, fading into breath\] \[instrumental break: 2 bars,
swelling strings, soft harp arpeggios, no percussion\] --- my breath
fell away

The hours refused to let night turn to day

Silence wrapped me in arms unknown

A stranger's love I had to own

\[Chorus - strong, clear female vocals, emotional emphasis on \"still
carried\"\]

Still carried, still here

In my hands, in my heart

Still carried, still here

Where you end, I start

\[Verse 3 - strong female vocals with building strength, rising
emotion\]

From that darkness, a chorus grew

Of mothers who'd walked the same night through

We spoke the names the world won't say

And planted them in the light of day

From broken threads, a banner shone

Each story a bridge to the not-alone

\[Chorus - strong, clear female vocals, emotional emphasis on \"still
carried\"\]

Still carried, still here

In my hands, in my heart

Still carried, still here

Where you end, I start

\[Outro - soft female vocals fading to whisper, tender and loving\]

Grief is the thread, love is the loom

I weave your soul in the brightest room

Still carried, still here

Where you end, I start

STYLE

Neo-classical strings (violin, harp, cello) meet soulful pop with light
trap beats; emotional female lead, cinematic pauses, swelling strings,
and hook-driven heart.

Here's the long-form description that fully captures the emotional and
thematic essence of *Sixteen Weeks and Still*:

------------------------------------------------------------------------

**\"Sixteen Weeks and Still\"** is a cinematic, soul-baring ballad that
fuses neo-classical elegance with the pulse of modern pop. Anchored by a
haunting refrain --- *"Still carried, still here"* --- the song tells
the deeply personal story of a pregnancy loss at sixteen weeks,
unfolding in three distinct emotional movements.

The opening verse draws the listener into an intimate, almost
claustrophobic moment: the singer alone in a room, holding on to life
that has already slipped away. Blood imagery contrasts with the delicate
mention of a "tiny form," painting an unflinching portrait of shock,
isolation, and the absence of support. The chorus lands with both ache
and resilience, the phrase *"still carried"* doubling in meaning ---
both physically carried in the womb and eternally carried in the heart.

In the second verse, the focus shifts to the body's betrayal: milk
flowing with no child to feed, an empty cradle that embodies both
physical and emotional vacancy. The sustained falsetto on *"sixteen
weeks"* is a moment of suspended disbelief, framed by swelling strings
and harp arpeggios that create a breathless pause in the song's motion.
Here, time becomes the enemy, trapping the singer in a day that will not
end.

The third verse becomes a turning point, gathering strength as the voice
rises. It introduces the communal bond of mothers who have endured the
same loss, reclaiming the names of children often erased from
conversation. The imagery shifts from darkness to light --- planting
names like seeds, weaving them into a collective banner of remembrance.
This verse transforms solitary grief into shared resilience.

The outro is soft and tender, almost like a lullaby. The metaphor of
grief as a thread and love as the loom evokes the idea of crafting
beauty from sorrow. The final whispered *"Where you end, I start"*
leaves the listener suspended between endings and beginnings --- a space
where memory becomes a permanent, living presence.

Musically, the track blends warm, emotional female vocals with
neo-classical instrumentation --- violin, cello, and harp --- layered
over light trap beats for a modern pulse. Cinematic pauses and swelling
strings give the song a heartbeat-like rhythm, allowing the lyrics to
breathe and the emotions to land with full impact. It's a song that does
not shy away from pain but turns it into something deeply connective ---
an anthem for remembering, for speaking the unspoken, and for carrying
love forward after loss.




